Brother Cockroach, why are you still here?
Occupy that guy started to fix his waist again
What kind of kidney is only a 100 million ID card?
It seems to be aimed at you
Come with me!
List one list one
Dear fellow villagers, ah
How long have I had this tube open?
You guys know that?
Heard there's a brat around here
Ouch, he also opened a hospital
I really don't know how high the sky is and how thick the earth is
Traditional Chinese medicine is extensive and profound.
At a mere age, he dares to open a medical clinic
I thought this was a joke about your lives.
Right?
Hey, so what?
I opened the toilet today
If you pollute, you will solve the disease for the big guy.
To prevent being deceived
Good good good good hey
Look at Brother Dapeng
I knew this guy wasn't holding anything good
Obviously he hurt others but smeared others
Go up and count 4 times, don't worry, don't worry
Go first, go first.